hey there guys is Tom here and this is
day 3 of my video game challenge that
I'm doing so as you can see there's art
now it's just the black and white tiles
I did the art for the bricks and the big
brick background but someone saw my
video and they messaged me and basically
asked if they could help me do the
graphics for it so they're doing the
drawings they're taking over the
drawings now and so you can see that
kind of cobblestone background over
there that's all done by him so I've
added now destined to the game well not
death you just respond straightaway but
um yeah that if you touch the lava then
you have to start back from the start or
if you find one these again the artists
help me draw it this is a candle and
we're using a kind of like checkpoint so
if you walk up to it and you press X you
light the candle and your checkpoint
will be stored there so now if I jump
into the lava I start from here so um
this is kind of just I've edited the
last prototype level before a little bit
and see you can light more than one and
then when you like that it changes to up
there yeah so I'm just been editing the
prototype of it trying to make a oops
trying to make a kind of testable games
and I've gotten a few people to try it
now and feedback so far has been pretty
decent some people find it absolutely
infuriating but good good feedback
overall so yeah I didn't a a bunch of
coding and actually it wasn't too
difficult to implement the checkpoints
in the lava because I have Mike the way
I had i coded before it's pretty easy to
add on the stuff oh crap awesome last
one okay
yeah so because this way it was coded
because I was the stuff I set up for
animations I could actually really
easily I use a lot of the same code
again so it's really quick actually
which is great and so now I can add lots
of different types of tiles it's a game
really easily just great um what I want
to work on next probably sound or a menu
haven't signed it yet sound would
probably be my next step because it's
just too quiet I need some music playing
and some maybe footsteps and stuff like
that jumping down doing terrible okay
come on yeah um I also spent time today
trying to figure out how to export this
as a jar that you can double-click yeah
so um that took me ages but i got i
managed to do it so now this game you
don't have to run it from eclipse
anymore i can export a jar ah that you
just double click and it opens game up
which is pretty awesome it's useful
because I can send it to people to get
them to try to test the game see what
whether they like it get some feedback
so far so um yes about it really I just
want to jump across come on come on can
kill one slowly slowly yes checkpoint
all right so if you can see up above the
old checkpoint i use have because i lit
this new candle that candles gone off
which i think is pretty cool so it shows
your current checkpoint and you can go
back and light those ones up if you
decide that you want to go backwards and
said yeah there we go like that so i'll
just show you that you can in fact go
backwards if you so desired
ah crap okay now i forgot to jump there
this a few bugs with the jumping but um
nothing really game breaking because Jen
it generally helps you so I'll show you
the bug that I have right now some
reason some kind of if you press jump
and then you let go and press hold on to
jump again it does kind of like a double
jump type thing so you can see that was
lit off and I can just light up back
again so yeah that was about it guys
thanks for watching I hope you see in my
next video and if you want to read more
details about the development process I
go a little bit into the theory behind
my code and I talk about other
development details like that so if you
want to check those out too click the
link in the description check out the
blog posts i made but I thanks for
watching bye